TODO:

move add buttons to beside search bar(and add texts)
make playlist list items bigger
	item counts + total hours perhaps
Get closed testers
Basic screenshots for listing
	home + mini-player bar: search query, several items selected + 30% duration elapsed with actual image
	expanded player: Shuffle on, repeat off, 30% duration elapsed
		another with different colors and light/dark theme, different song, duration, and shuffle/repeat
	queue: some manual queue, one item half-swiped, repeat message shown
	playlists: several playlists shown, some sorting type on, maybe hit ellipsis on one
	playlist details: basic viewing mode
	edit details: from any page, show the edit item dialog
	settings: full settings page
	
change to closed testing in gpc - requires screenshots to be done

longer toast messages (mainly for use by "found invalid file paths" message)
better toggleShuffle logic (use mcm on web first, then try Ask)
definitely move around the add buttons
select newly imported media

reordering in a playlist is a little difficult if youre at the top or bottom of the list
log statements everywhere (and improve its tag/message)
horizontal orientation layouts - currently locked to portrait
app icon and name: Jubal Audio Player & Organizer
swipe image in explanded player screen to go next/prev
when copying/storing images, maybe try to make sure there are no duplicated or orphaned images to save space on phone
move the add media button to bottom nav bar. maybe do snackbar instead of toasts because it won't be a problem anymore
thoroughly comment code and just make it look better
better file organization
maybe: drag for reordering
maybe: widget
maybe: audio equalization setting
maybe: gapless playback by finding empty noise and using .setClippingConfiguration in MediaItem builder

future:
1. Direct folder and file reading
2. No display details, only actual metadata
3. Metadata editing




short description:
Organize, edit, and play your local audio files via seamless playback queue.


full description:
Designed for users who prefer owning their media rather than renting it through subscription services, this app brings a simple user interface and feature-rich queue management of modern music platforms directly to your personal collection of audio files.

Features:
 - Instantly bring in any audio file stored on your device, whether they be songs, voice recordings, podcasts, or audiobooks.
 - Build, reorder, and manage listening sessions with a dynamic playback queue inspired by modern streaming apps. Easily shuffle, add to queue, repeat, reorder, or jump to any track in the timeline.
 - Curate custom playlists to meet your listening purposes.
 - Edit in-app display details such as title, creator, and image to control how your media looks.
 - Powered by Google's industry standard ExoPlayer, enjoy smooth and battery-efficient playback performance across a wide variety of audio formats in either the background or foreground.
 - Blends into your device's aesthetic by dynamically adapting to the system's color scheme using Material You.
end full description








Maybe:
@HomeScreen.kt   @PlaylistsScreen.kt   @PlaylistDetailsScreen.kt   @HomeViewModel.kt   @PlaylistsViewModel.kt   @PlaylistDetailsViewModel.kt 
So, I seem to have a lot of duplicated code. for example, in home screen and playlist details screen, i have a couple hundred lines of code on both screens that are essentially the same thing (sometimes a little different), handling a media list item's options (or handling a list of media items' bulk options). In turn, i have a lot of same/similar code in the respective viewmodels.There are other examples as well.
So, I would like to ask you what the best way of handling this is? say i make another screen where media list items appear and i want the same abilities (like edit, play, add to queue, delete, remove from playlist, and all the bulk options too). It would require duplicating another couple hundred loc. I figure this is bad practice right? so, how does one alleviate this? is there a specific design pattern? I want to do this the industry standard way where the code is actually completely reusable and not duplicated anywhere if possible.